Update API docs for changes in talent agency connections (#84)
denkungsart/filmmakers-api: source/index.html.md

Certain `4xx` errors, notably the `410` Gone status, indicate that a requested resource (such as an actor_profile or a talent_agency) has been merged with another and is no longer available at the original URL. The response will include the ID of the new resource, and clients should use this ID to access the merged resource.

# Changelog

> - (2024-08-16) **ActorProfile#show**: Make `talent_agency_connections` available, including name of the agency, categories and connection type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (2024-08-16) **ActorProfile#show**: Expose `talent_agency_connections`, which includes more details about the agency connections of a profile
```

    {
      "talent_agency_id": 1,
      "talent_agency_employee_id": 123,
      "agency_profile_url": "https://www.my-agency/my-profile",

>       "talent_agency_name": "My Agency",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "talent_agency_name": "My primary agency",
```

      "categories": [
        "acting_agency"
      ],

>       "connection_type": "primary_agency"

Reviewer: let's add a PR agency beneath as well, i.e. "My PR agency"

talent_agency_connections[].talent_agency_id | integer | id of the talent agency
talent_agency_connections[].talent_agency_employee_id | integer | id of the talent agency employee
talent_agency_connections[].agency_profile_url | string | actor profile url on the website of their agency

> talent_agency_connections[].talent_agency_name | string | name of the connected agency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
talent_agency_connections[].talent_agency_name | string | name of the agency
```

> talent_agency_connections[].categories | Array | categories of the agency connection, e.g. "model_agency"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
talent_agency_connections[].categories | Array | indicates the areas in which the agency represents the client, possible values are "acting_agency", "advertising", "artist_management", "model_agency", "people_agency", "pr", "voice_agency", or "young_talent_agency".
```

> talent_agency_connections[].connection_type	 | string | type of the agency connection, can be "primary_agency" (the main agency) or "secondary_agency"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
talent_agency_connections[].connection_type	 | string |indicates the type of agency connection, which can be either "primary_agency" (the main agency) or "secondary_agency". There can be multiple secondary agencies.
```
